In 2013
Streaming was broken
Choices were limited
Access was restricted
Popcorn Time
Was born out of that frustration
A revolutionary platform
That made entertainment accessible
To everyone
We disrupted the industry
Forcing it to evolve
Today in 2025
The world is over flowing with content
Netflix
Prime
Disney Plus
Crunchyroll
MUBI
Crave
Endless choices
But with choice
Comes a new problem
Endless scrolling
We returns not as pirates
But as pioneers
A complete rewrite from scratch
Safer
Simpler
Smarter
We index the streaming universe
We rank what matters
We bring global support
With local relevance
We include a full media suite
Automation powered by AI
Play locally
Cast to your devices
Download for offline viewing
Everything open source
Our mission is the same as day one
Make entertainment
Accessible to everyone
Everywhere
Welcome back
Popcorn Time
The revolution
Has only begun